[Docs] TOC changes + Database Math (#3860)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: docs/contrib/DeveloperGuide.md

clang-tidy -p ./build source_file.cpp
clang-format -i -style=file:.clang-format source_file.cpp
```

## Guidelines

> 1. The **only** place that the database distance units should appear in any
> program should be in the user interface, because humans like microns
> more than DBUs. Internally, code should use `int` for all database units
> and `int64_t` for all area calculations. For a more detailed writeup, refer to this [link](DatabaseMath.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Internally, the code should use `int` for all database units and `int64_t`
for all area calculations. Refer to this [link](DatabaseMath.md) for a more
detailed writeup on the reasons why this approach is preferred. The only
place that the database distance units should appear in any program
should be in the user interface, as microns are easier for humans than DBUs. 
```
